I see a lot of people complaining these days
about this year's YouTube, that it
's crap, that the blonde doesn't appear
and honestly I don't know what I expected and this
year the content on YouTube has been
crap therefore a summary of
crap is a fart that's what you should
complain about and with right is not that we
get the review that the first
pay doesn't appear [ __ ] that how
could they make a summary of the year without including
arrese and his oreo without including the
carancho or without including the [ __ ]
yellow icon don't include this one [ __ ] or
what the [ __ ] the salsa singer of the year you have done
a lot of damage objectively it is not
true from now on for me he ceases to
exist
and
my goodness will and when I was going over
this list I came to think for a
moment that we Spaniards are
idiots thank goodness today we have
a British person here willing to
take our place willing to stand out
and bring us a challenge worthy of being in
next year's king white a
YouTuber about to die after putting his
head in a microwave full of cement
[ __ ] if it is  it marks us youtubers
have us as their normal
everywhere seriously tule this headline well and
then imagine nothing I want to be youtube
it doesn't even take two seconds for your old lady
to take off your shoes and hit you in
the face no seriously two
questions come to mind one what goal do
you have to have in life to want to
do this
hello
someone seriously answer me when
you study it's because you want to find a
good job if you release an album it's because you
want to be a singer but what the hell does
a person who puts their head in a
microwave full of cement aspire to someone
explain to me and two because a
microwave did
n't have an empty bucket a bucket
or some other container already 'single a
22 year old british young man has been on the
verge of losing his life in the
stupidest way possible this kid has a
youtube channel called 'the hobbit' a
blog dedicated to that apparently
fun and quite stupid challenge let's not
fool ourselves in order to make
their audience laugh and if we believe it there
are no people who will hurt them this guy
in fact has three [ __ ] million
subscribers  and this kid has
a channel full of challenges each one more
bizarre like the one with the
crocodile sticking out fingers so
we can call where he got win michu
the incredible idea is if
this week's video raises awareness with the help of his
friends in putting his head in a
microwave full of cement, and be
careful because the kid had
put a tube in front of him to be able to
breathe
the main idea was not to let them
dry completely to be able to break the dough
a little more easily but not only did they
let it dry longer than necessary
but they also helped with a
hair dryer and if I tell you why they
left it longer than necessary you'll
fall in your balls to get to the
points 10 minutes to put the
ads in the end they had to end up
calling the emergency services and
the firefighters showed up there and they
had a lot of work to
remove the cement from his head not
because it wasn't difficult to break the
cement but because they had to be
careful because his head was inside can
you imagine that by some chance
another misfortune or emergency happens
in that same city and they leave it
unattended or they are not available or they do not
arrive  on time because they are attending
to this [ __ ] also
another doubt occurs to me another reflection whatever you want to
call it real
a person with three [ __ ]
million subscribers needs to do these
things if a person with three million
subscribers does this to gain
views what the hell doesn't a kid with
200 300 subscribers do in the end it all ended
in some boxes not in one in one I promise it
was some laughs between colleagues and of
course they have their viral video that they have already
uploaded although in the end it was with
an explanation what I
sincerely want you to put me today in the
comment box is if
you really find this type of content funny, I
mean if you saw a guy
putting his head in a microwave if you
would find it funny because the thing is that I
didn't ask for the joke and I would like to know what
today's youth thinks
a hug gentlemen and see you in the
next video
[Music]